the Boston Red Sox are headed to the
world
Yankees fans and Red Sox fans hate each
other maybe more than any teams in
American sports and especially in this
time of great division in this country
we wanted to do something to heal that
divide so this afternoon we went around
Brooklyn
we asked Yankees fans to congratulate
the Red Sox on making it to the World
Series and here's how that way would you
like to congratulate the Red Sox on
going to the World Series the Red Sox no
I can't wish the Red Sox good luck I
can't I can't I just can't
I'm a New Yorker I can't do that the Red
Sox Boston New York Brooklyn
Williamsburg Mets my wife's the Yankees
fans for birthday today let's go Yankees
the Red Sox you Red Sox Red Red Sox I'm
going to the World Series look right in
their letter mouth
the Red Sox they're bombs like the Red
Sox are trash complete absolute garbage
like I could never congratulate them for
anything except for maybe if I the
toilet and the whole team ate it I think
I can congratulate them for that
congratulations for eating my that's all
I could do for them about that to all
the Red Sox fans out there just remember
that we have 26 World Series titles so
you can go yourselves
would you like to congratulate the Red
Sox and go to the World Series
[Music]
thanks for watching and remember every
time you click the subscribe button one
of your enemies gets destroyed